[Music]
that typically is their best form of
Mark
it's a great product
you need a great service
the longer you're in business the better
off your marketing is going to do just
because more people are going to get to
know your rent
all right so we're going to talk about
how if your company's older
the better your marketing is so most
people believe the way you grow a
business through marketing is you do SEO
you do social media you end up doing a
lot of branded campaigns and just over
time through paid advertising and all
these channels combined you end up
creating a big business we work with a
lot of Enterprise businesses Eric and a
lot of Fortune 1000 companies do you
know where they get majority of their
business from Eric Enterprise companies
B2B b2c just Fortune 1000 government
sales
okay outside of sales but what marketing
channel specifically is helping them
generate their most Revenue brand yes
and they got the brand from just being
in business for a very long time their
best marketing tends to be a combination
of Word of Mouth referrals or people
just knowing they're brown and that just
happens by being in business for a very
very long time everyone believes that
you near marketing needs to be so
perfect and amazing if you're trying to
generate the most sales
that's not true you need a great product
you need a great service and the longer
you're in business the better off your
marketing is going to do just because
more people are going to get to know
your brand now don't get me wrong SEO
paid advertising email marketing text
message marketing like all the channels
out there they can help it's not like
they're gonna hurt but what really helps
businesses grow like when we look at a
lot of the fortune 1000 companies we
work for Word of Mouth marketing people
knowing their brand and referrals is by
far literally the number one way most of
them generate their revenue
and is consistent good economy bad
economy B2B b2c doesn't matter that
typically is their best form of
marketing and that happens by just being
in business for not five years not ten
years you're talking about 20 plus years
it takes the key thing is not even just
with marketing but with business the
longer you stay in business the more you
learn the more you stay focused the more
you lock in and the more you build
something that has higher Enterprise
Value that's right and you know it's you
you just got to stick it out for more
than 10 years I've really found that you
know at the five year mark things really
do change but
um the 10 plus year mark is when things
really get better and that branding just
kicks in and word of mouth and referrals
that's assuming you have a good product
or a service if your product or service
sucks it doesn't matter if you're in
business for 30 years it's not going to
do that well key thing here is when we
talk about the concept of of thinking in
decades it very much applies here not
even just for business but for marketing
the longer your business can stay in
business and do a good job for your
customer customer MERS the easier your
marketing is going to be what's funny is
years and years ago when I was running
kiss metrics where's money for that
startup the startup ended up failing a
while ago and I don't know how old the
startup is now you know in theory if you
had a when we started but let's say call
it 10 months years ago yeah I'm like
it's pretty much dead but uh and I don't
know if they ended up buying it out I
remember back then we were trying to
generate Revenue through enemies Esser
so my founder and I went out to keep
getting diluted so I was doing outbound
so ahead of people like the Airbnb
founder be like hey I can help you with
SEO got a meeting got a contract I
believe the contract was for 240 000 for
the first year somewhere around there
this is a long time ago Airbnb wasn't
publicly traded they're really tiny
do you know how they're generating most
their revenue even at that time a few
years into the business
SEO no nope not SEO most are SEO traffic
came from the term Airbnb most they were
doing paid advertising paid advertising
wasn't responsible for majority of the
revenue it was good product and their
brand just kept getting bigger and
bigger and most Enterprise companies we
look at yes marketing advertising it all
helps them grow but what really helps
these companies grow which sounds
counter-intuitive because the Eric and I
own advertising agencies it's just a
creating a great product a great service
which ideally disrupts a market and B
being in business for a long time I
remember I've tried to do courses in the
past where the the gist of the course
was it's going to take time and that
never does well like people want results
very quickly
they all want to write now if you tell
anyone is going to take time they hate
it but it's the truth and uh at least
that's what I like preaching and that's
what you like preaching well cool that's
it for this episode make sure you rate
review us we really appreciate you guys
listening and tune in next time for
marketing School
now if you have any questions leave a
comment below I'm here to answer them
and help you out if you enjoyed the
video like it share tell people about it
thank you very much